Specify room version 10: `knock_restricted` and int power levels (#1099)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/rooms/v10.md

        3.  Otherwise, reject.
    7. If `membership` is `knock`:
        1.  {{< changed-in this="true" >}}
            If the `join_rule` is anything other than `knock` or
            `knock_restricted`, reject.
        2.  If `sender` does not match `state_key`, reject.
        3.  If the `sender`'s current membership is not `ban`, `invite`,
            or `join`, allow.
        4.  Otherwise, reject.
    8.  Otherwise, the membership is unknown. Reject.
5.  If the `sender`'s current membership state is not `join`, reject.
6.  If type is `m.room.third_party_invite`:
    1.  Allow if and only if `sender`'s current power level is greater
        than or equal to the *invite level*.
7.  If the event type's *required power level* is greater than the
    `sender`'s power level, reject.
8.  If the event has a `state_key` that starts with an `@` and does not
    match the `sender`, reject.
9. If type is `m.room.power_levels`:
    1.  {{< added-in this="true" >}}
        If any of the keys `users_default`, `events_default`, `state_default`,
        `ban`, `redact`, `kick`, or `invite` in `content` are present and
        not an integer, reject.
    2.  {{< added-in this="true" >}}

>         If any of the keys `users`, `events`, or `notifications` in `content`

Author: https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-spec/issues/1112

>         are present and not a dictionary with string keys and values that

Author: we talk about dictionaries in the context of auth rules, and not super interested in refactoring 10 versions worth of rules in this PR.

>         are present and not a dictionary with string keys and values that

Reviewer: this feels like it's propagating an error, but ok.

>         are present and not a dictionary with string keys and values that

Author: we can fix it at the same time we fix keys/properties 😇

>         are present and not a dictionary with string keys and values that

Author: https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-spec/issues/1112

>         are integers, reject.

Author: might be redundant, but it's always been a rule.

>         are integers, reject.

Author: sorry, I misread which line this was on. 

We've used this phrasing in the past, so thought it could be used here. We can probably make it easier to parse though.

    3.  If `users` key in `content` is not a dictionary with keys that

>         are valid user IDs with values that are integers, reject.

Reviewer: yeah, but both require that the values be integers. I think we can just exclude `users` from rule 2 with no semantic difference?

>         are valid user IDs with values that are integers, reject.

Author: ah, probably, yes.

The event format is unchanged by this room version. See [below](#event-format-1)
for details on the current event format.

#### Deprecated event content schemas

While this room version does not change the event format specifically, some
deprecated behaviours are strictly no longer supported.

##### Values in `m.room.power_levels` events must be integers

> In other room versions, such as [v9](/rooms/v9/#power-levels-accepted-as-strings),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other room versions, such as [v9](/rooms/v9/#mroompower_levels-events-accept-values-as-strings),
```

Author: oops, I guess that's an important detail - thanks 😅

        `ban`, `redact`, `kick`, or `invite` in `content` are present and
        not an integer, reject.
    2.  {{< added-in this="true" >}}

>         If any of the keys `events` or `notifications` in `content`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If either of the keys `events` or `notifications` in `content`
```
